---
title: ABB Terra AC Wallbox
url: https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-26-141-05
date: '2026-05-21'
author: aruschman
feed_url: https://cisa.gov/rss.xml
---
ABB Terra AC Wallbox aruschman May 21, 2026 Release Date May 21, 2026 Description View CSAF Summary ABB is aware of vulnerabilities in the product versions listed as affected in the advisory. An attacker who successfully exploited this vulnerability could cause the pollution of heap memory which potentially takes remote control of the product and performs a write operation to the flash memory to alter the firmware behavior. The following versions of ABB Terra AC Wallbox are affected: Terra AC wallbox (JP) <=1.8.33, 1.8.36 (CVE-2025-10504, CVE-2025-12142, CVE-2025-12143) CVSS Vendor Equipment Vulnerabilities v3 6.1 ABB ABB Terra AC Wallbox Heap-based Buffer Overflow, Buffer Copy without Checking Size of Input ('Classic Buffer Overflow'), Stack-based Buffer Overflow Background Critical Infrastructure Sectors: Energy Countries/Areas Deployed: Worldwide Company Headquarters Location: Switzerland Vulnerabilities Expand All + CVE-2025-10504 There is potential risk to pollute the memory when developing apps which has used to communicate with charger according to self-defined protocol if developers don’t strictly follow the field length which has not been validated in firmware. View CVE Details Affected Products ABB Terra AC Wallbox Vendor: ABB Product Version: ABB Terra AC wallbox (JP) <=1.8.33 Product Status: fixed, known_affected Remediations Vendor fix The problem is corrected in the following product version; apply the following update depending on product variant: Terra AC wallbox (JP) 1.8.36 ABB recommends that customers apply the update at earliest convenience. Mitigation To attack with this kind of message, hackers must hijack Bluetooth first and then can send messages. Because the communication messages between BLE and charger have been encrypted. In theory, there is no way to attack the charger. Relevant CWE: CWE-122 Heap-based Buffer Overflow Metrics CVSS Version Base Score Base Severity Vector String 3.1 6.1 MEDIUM CVSS:3.1/AV:A/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:H/A:H/E:P/RL:O/RC:C CVE-2025-12142 There is potential risk of polluting the BSS memory when developing apps which are used to communicate with charger via Bluetooth according to self-defined protocol if developers configure an unexpected length of bin files. View CVE Details Affected Products ABB Terra AC Wallbox Vendor: ABB Product Version: ABB Terra AC wallbox (JP) <=1.8.33 Product Status: fixed, known_affected Remediations Vendor fix The problem is corrected in the following product version; apply the following update depending on product variant: Terra AC wallbox (JP) 1.8.36 ABB recommends that customers apply the update at earliest convenience. Mitigation To attack with this kind of message, hackers must hijack Bluetooth first and then can send messages. Because the communication messages between BLE and charger have been encrypted. In theory, there is no way to attack the charger. Relevant CWE: CWE-120 Buffer Copy without Checking Size of Input ('Classic Buffer Overflow') Metrics CVSS Version Base Score Base Severity Vector String 3.1 6.1 MEDIUM CVSS:3.1/AV:A/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:H/A:H/E:P/RL:O/RC:C CVE-2025-12143 There is potential risk of polluting the stack memory when developing a customized OCPP key of “Ran-domDelay“ in backend and configuring an unexpected number in the field. View CVE Details Affected Products ABB Terra AC Wallbox Vendor: ABB Product Version: ABB Terra AC wallbox (JP) <=1.8.33 Product Status: fixed, known_affected Remediations Vendor fix The problem is corrected in the following product version; apply the following update depending on product variant: Terra AC wallbox (JP) 1.8.36 ABB recommends that customers apply the update at earliest convenience. Mitigation To attack with this kind of message, hackers must hijack Bluetooth first and then can send messages. Because the communication messages between BLE and charger have been encrypted. In theory, there is no way to attack the charger. Relevant CWE: CWE-121 Stack-based Buffer Overflow Metrics CVSS Version Base Score Base Severity Vector String 3.1 6.1 MEDIUM CVSS:3.1/AV:A/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:H/A:H/E:P/RL:O/RC:C Acknowledgments ABB PSIRT reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. Notice The information in this document is subject to change without notice, and should not be construed as a commitment by ABB. ABB provides no warranty, express or implied, including warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, for the information contained in this document, and assumes no responsibility for any errors that may appear in this document. In no event shall ABB or any of its suppliers be liable for direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages of any nature or kind arising from the use of this document, or from the use of any hardware or software described in this document, even if ABB or its suppliers have been advised of the possibility of such damages. This document and parts hereof must not be reproduced or copied without written permission from ABB, and the contents hereof must not be imparted to a third party nor used for any unauthorized purpose. All rights to registrations and trademarks reside with their respective owners. Legal Notice and Terms of Use This product is provided subject to this Notification (https://www.cisa.gov/notification) and this Privacy & Use policy (https://www.cisa.gov/privacy-policy). Recommended Practices CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the exploitation risk of this vulnerability. Minimize network exposure for all control system devices and/or systems, and ensure they are not accessible from the internet. Locate control system networks and remote devices behind firewalls and isolate them from business networks. When remote access is required, use more secure methods, such as Virtual Private Networks (VPNs), recognizing VPNs may have vulnerabilities and should be updated to the most recent version available. Also recognize VPN is only as secure as its connected devices. CISA reminds organizations to perform proper impact analysis and risk assessment prior to deploying defensive measures. CISA also provides a section for control systems security recommended practices on the ICS webpage on cisa.gov. Several CISA products detailing cyber defense best practices are available for reading and download, including Improving Industrial Control Systems Cybersecurity with Defense-in-Depth Strategies. CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for proactive defense of ICS assets. Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at cisa.gov in the technical information paper, ICS-TIP-12-146-01B--Targeted Cyber Intrusion Detection and Mitigation Strategies. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. Advisory Conversion Disclaimer This ICSA is a verbatim republication of ABB PSIRT 9AKK108471A8107 from a direct conversion of the vendor's Common Security Advisory Framework (CSAF) advisory. This is republished to CISA's website as a means of increasing visibility and is provided "as-is" for informational purposes only. CISA is not responsible for the editorial or technical accuracy of republished advisories and provides no warranties of any kind regarding any information contained within this advisory. Further, CISA does not endorse any commercial product or service. Please contact ABB PSIRT directly for any questions regarding this advisory. Revision History Initial Release Date: 2025-09-16 Date Revision Summary 2025-09-16 1 Initial version. 2025-09-28 2 DocumentID update 2025-09-28 3 Minor corrections 2025-10-09 4 CVSS update 2025-10-27 5 CVE update 2025-11-28 6 CVE update 2025-11-28 7 Fixed Version update 2026-05-21 8 Initial CISA Republication of ABB PSIRT 9AKK108471A8107 advisory Legal Notice and Terms of Use Advisory Type ICS Advisory Topics Industrial Control System Vulnerabilities , Industrial Control Systems Alert Code ICSA-26-141-05 Sector Energy Sector Vendor ABB Show 'Key Takeaways' block Off On
