---
title: ABB B&R Automation Studio
url: https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/ics-advisories/icsa-26-141-03
date: '2026-05-21'
author: aruschman
feed_url: https://cisa.gov/rss.xml
---
ABB B&R Automation Studio aruschman May 21, 2026 Release Date May 21, 2026 Description View CSAF Summary ABB became aware of vulnerability in the product versions listed as affected in the advisory. An update is available that replaces an outdated third-party component. Although no successful exploitation was observed during testing of the affected B&R products, the identified vulnerabilities could present potential attack vectors that might enable unauthorized access, data exposure, or remote code execution. The following versions of ABB B&R Automation Studio are affected: B&R Automation Studio <6.5, 6.5 (CVE-2025-6965, CVE-2025-3277, CVE-2023-7104, CVE-2022-35737, CVE-2020-15358, CVE-2020-13632, CVE-2020-13631, CVE-2020-13630, CVE-2020-13435, CVE-2020-13434, CVE-2020-11656, CVE-2020-11655, CVE-2019-19646, CVE-2019-19645, CVE-2019-8457, CVE-2018-20506, CVE-2018-20505, CVE-2018-20346, CVE-2018-8740, CVE-2017-10989, CVE-2016-6153, CVE-2015-6607, CVE-2015-5895, CVE-2015-3717, CVE-2015-3416) CVSS Vendor Equipment Vulnerabilities v3 9.8 ABB ABB B&R Automation Studio Numeric Truncation Error, Heap-based Buffer Overflow, Improper Restriction of Operations within the Bounds of a Memory Buffer, Out-of-bounds Write, NULL Pointer Dereference, Incorrect User Management, Use After Free, Integer Overflow or Wraparound, Improper Check for Unusual or Exceptional Conditions, Uncontrolled Recursion, Out-of-bounds Read, Improper Input Validation, Exposure of Sensitive Information to an Unauthorized Actor, Buffer Copy without Checking Size of Input ('Classic Buffer Overflow') Background Critical Infrastructure Sectors: Energy Countries/Areas Deployed: Worldwide Company Headquarters Location: Switzerland Vulnerabilities Expand All + CVE-2025-6965 There exists a vulnerability in SQLite versions before 3.50.2 where the number of aggregate terms could exceed the number of columns available. This could lead to a memory corruption issue. View CVE Details Affected Products ABB B&R Automation Studio Vendor: ABB Product Version: ABB B&R Automation Studio <6.5 Product Status: fixed, known_affected Remediations Vendor fix The problem is corrected in the following product versions: B&R Automation Studio 6.5 B&R recommends that customers apply the update at earliest convenience. The process to install updates is described in the user manual. The step to identify the installed product version is described in the user manual. Mitigation Refer to section “General security recommendations” for advice on how to keep your system secure. Relevant CWE: CWE-197 Numeric Truncation Error Metrics CVSS Version Base Score Base Severity Vector String 3.1 9.8 CRITICAL CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H/E:P/RL:O/RC:C CVE-2025-3277 An integer overflow vulnerability exists in SQLite's concat_ws() function that can lead to a massive heap buffer overflow. When triggered, the integer overflow results in a truncated size value being used for buffer allocation, while the original untruncated size is used for writing the resulting string, causing a heap buffer overflow of approximately 4GB. View CVE Details Affected Products ABB B&R Automation Studio Vendor: ABB Product Version: ABB B&R Automation Studio <6.5 Product Status: fixed, known_affected Remediations Vendor fix The problem is corrected in the following product versions: B&R Automation Studio 6.5 B&R recommends that customers apply the update at earliest convenience. The process to install updates is described in the user manual. The step to identify the installed product version is described in the user manual. Mitigation Refer to section “General security recommendations” for advice on how to keep your system secure. Relevant CWE: CWE-122 Heap-based Buffer Overflow Metrics CVSS Version Base Score Base Severity Vector String 3.1 9.8 CRITICAL CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H/E:P/RL:O/RC:C CVE-2023-7104 A vulnerability was found in SQLite SQLite3 up to 3.43.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects the function sessionReadRecord of the file ext/session/sqlite3session.c of the component make alltest Handler. The manipulation leads to heap-based buffer overflow. View CVE Details Affected Products ABB B&R Automation Studio Vendor: ABB Product Version: ABB B&R Automation Studio <6.5 Product Status: fixed, known_affected Remediations Vendor fix The problem is corrected in the following product versions: B&R Automation Studio 6.5 B&R recommends that customers apply the update at earliest convenience. The process to install updates is described in the user manual. The step to identify the installed product version is described in the user manual. Mitigation Refer to section “General security recommendations” for advice on how to keep your system secure. Relevant CWE: CWE-122 Heap-based Buffer Overflow Metrics CVSS Version Base Score Base Severity Vector String 3.1 7.3 HIGH CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:L/I:L/A:L/E:P/RL:O/RC:C CVE-2022-35737 SQLite 1.0.12 through 3.39.x before 3.39.2 sometimes allows an array-bounds overflow if billions of bytes are used in a string argument to a C API. View CVE Details Affected Products ABB B&R Automation Studio Vendor: ABB Product Version: ABB B&R Automation Studio <6.5 Product Status: fixed, known_affected Remediations Vendor fix The problem is corrected in the following product versions: B&R Automation Studio 6.5 B&R recommends that customers apply the update at earliest convenience. The process to install updates is described in the user manual. The step to identify the installed product version is described in the user manual. Mitigation Refer to section “General security recommendations” for advice on how to keep your system secure. Relevant CWE: CWE-119 Improper Restriction of Operations within the Bounds of a Memory Buffer Metrics CVSS Version Base Score Base Severity Vector String 3.1 7.5 HIGH CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H/E:P/RL:O/RC:C CVE-2020-15358 In SQLite before 3.32.3, select.c mishandles query-flattener optimization, leading to a multiSelectOrderBy heap overflow because of misuse of transitive properties for constant propagation. View CVE Details Affected Products ABB B&R Automation Studio Vendor: ABB Product Version: ABB B&R Automation Studio <6.5 Product Status: fixed, known_affected Remediations Vendor fix The problem is corrected in the following product versions: B&R Automation Studio 6.5 B&R recommends that customers apply the update at earliest convenience. The process to install updates is described in the user manual. The step to identify the installed product version is described in the user manual. Mitigation Refer to section “General security recommendations” for advice on how to keep your system secure. Relevant CWE: CWE-787 Out-of-bounds Write Metrics CVSS Version Base Score Base Severity Vector String 3.1 5.5 MEDIUM CVSS:3.1/AV:L/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H/E:P/RL:O/RC:C CVE-2020-13632 There exists a vulnerability in SQLite versions before 3.50.2 where the number of aggregate terms could exceed the number of columns available. This could lead to a memory corruption issue. View CVE Details Affected Products ABB B&R Automation Studio Vendor: ABB Product Version: ABB B&R Automation Studio <6.5 Product Status: fixed, known_affected Remediations Vendor fix The problem is corrected in the following product versions: B&R Automation Studio 6.5 B&R recommends that customers apply the update at earliest convenience. The process to install updates is described in the user manual. The step to identify the installed product version is described in the user manual. Mitigation Refer to section “General security recommendations” for advice on how to keep your system secure. Relevant CWE: CWE-476 NULL Pointer Dereference Metrics CVSS Version Base Score Base Severity Vector String 3.0 5.5 MEDIUM CVSS:3.0/AV:L/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H/E:P/RL:O/RC:C CVE-2020-13631 SQLite before 3.32.0 allows a virtual table to be renamed to the name of one of its shadow tables, related to alter.c and build.c. View CVE Details Affected Products ABB B&R Automation Studio Vendor: ABB Product Version: ABB B&R Automation Studio <6.5 Product Status: fixed, known_affected Remediations Vendor fix The problem is corrected in the following product versions: B&R Automation Studio 6.5 B&R recommends that customers apply the update at earliest convenience. The process to install updates is described in the user manual. The step to identify the installed product version is described in the user manual. Mitigation Refer to section “General security recommendations” for advice on how to keep your system secure. Relevant CWE: CWE-286 Incorrect User Management Metrics CVSS Version Base Score Base Severity Vector String 3.1 5.5 MEDIUM CVSS:3.1/AV:L/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:H/A:N/E:P/RL:O/RC:C CVE-2020-13630 ext/fts3/fts3.c in SQLite before 3.32.0 has a use-after-free in fts3EvalNextRow, related to the snippet feature. View CVE Details Affected Products ABB B&R Automation Studio Vendor: ABB Product Version: ABB B&R Automation Studio <6.5 Product Status: fixed, known_affected Remediations Vendor fix The problem is corrected in the following product versions: B&R Automation Studio 6.5 B&R recommends that customers apply the update at earliest convenience. The process to install updates is described in the user manual. The step to identify the installed product version is described in the user manual. Mitigation Refer to section “General security recommendations” for advice on how to keep your system secure. Relevant CWE: CWE-416 Use After Free Metrics CVSS Version Base Score Base Severity Vector String 3.0 7 HIGH CVSS:3.0/AV:L/AC:H/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H/E:P/RL:O/RC:C CVE-2020-13435 SQLite through 3.32.0 has a segmentation fault in sqlite3ExprCodeTarget in expr.c. View CVE Details Affected Products ABB B&R Automation Studio Vendor: ABB Product Version: ABB B&R Automation Studio <6.5 Product Status: fixed, known_affected Remediations Vendor fix The problem is corrected in the following product versions: B&R Automation Studio 6.5 B&R recommends that customers apply the update at earliest convenience. The process to install updates is described in the user manual. The step to identify the installed product version is described in the user manual. Mitigation Refer to section “General security recommendations” for advice on how to keep your system secure. Relevant CWE: CWE-476 NULL Pointer Dereference Metrics CVSS Version Base Score Base Severity Vector String 3.1 7.5 HIGH CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H/E:P/RL:O/RC:C CVE-2020-13434 SQLite through 3.32.0 has an integer overflow in sqlite3_str_vappendf in printf.c. View CVE Details Affected Products ABB B&R Automation Studio Vendor: ABB Product Version: ABB B&R Automation Studio <6.5 Product Status: fixed, known_affected Remediations Vendor fix The problem is corrected in the following product versions: B&R Automation Studio 6.5 B&R recommends that customers apply the update at earliest convenience. The process to install updates is described in the user manual. The step to identify the installed product version is described in the user manual. Mitigation Refer to section “General security recommendations” for advice on how to keep your system secure. Relevant CWE: CWE-190 Integer Overflow or Wraparound Metrics CVSS Version Base Score Base Severity Vector String 3.0 5.5 MEDIUM CVSS:3.0/AV:L/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H/E:P/RL:O/RC:C CVE-2020-11656 In SQLite through 3.31.1, the ALTER TABLE implementation has a use-after-free, as demonstrated by an ORDER BY clause that belongs to a compound SELECT statement. View CVE Details Affected Products ABB B&R Automation Studio Vendor: ABB Product Version: ABB B&R Automation Studio <6.5 Product Status: fixed, known_affected Remediations Vendor fix The problem is corrected in the following product versions: B&R Automation Studio 6.5 B&R recommends that customers apply the update at earliest convenience. The process to install updates is described in the user manual. The step to identify the installed product version is described in the user manual. Mitigation Refer to section “General security recommendations” for advice on how to keep your system secure. Relevant CWE: CWE-416 Use After Free Metrics CVSS Version Base Score Base Severity Vector String 3.1 7.5 HIGH CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H/E:P/RL:O/RC:C CVE-2020-11655 SQLite through 3.31.1 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (segmentation fault) via a malformed window-function query because the AggInfo object's initialization is mishandled. View CVE Details Affected Products ABB B&R Automation Studio Vendor: ABB Product Version: ABB B&R Automation Studio <6.5 Product Status: fixed, known_affected Remediations Vendor fix The problem is corrected in the following product versions: B&R Automation Studio 6.5 B&R recommends that customers apply the update at earliest convenience. The process to install updates is described in the user manual. The step to identify the installed product version is described in the user manual. Mitigation Refer to section “General security recommendations” for advice on how to keep your system secure. Relevant CWE: CWE-754 Improper Check for Unusual or Exceptional Conditions Metrics CVSS Version Base Score Base Severity Vector String 3.1 7.5 HIGH CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H/E:P/RL:O/RC:C CVE-2019-19646 pragma.c in SQLite through 3.30.1 mishandles NOT NULL in an integrity_check PRAGMA command in certain cases of generated columns. View CVE Details Affected Products ABB B&R Automation Studio Vendor: ABB Product Version: ABB B&R Automation Studio <6.5 Product Status: fixed, known_affected Remediations Vendor fix The problem is corrected in the following product versions: B&R Automation Studio 6.5 B&R recommends that customers apply the update at earliest convenience. The process to install updates is described in the user manual. The step to identify the installed product version is described in the user manual. Mitigation Refer to section “General security recommendations” for advice on how to keep your system secure. Relevant CWE: CWE-754 Improper Check for Unusual or Exceptional Conditions Metrics CVSS Version Base Score Base Severity Vector String 3.1 9.8 CRITICAL CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H/E:P/RL:O/RC:C CVE-2019-19645 alter.c in SQLite through 3.30.1 allows attackers to trigger infinite recursion via certain types of self-referential views in conjunction with ALTER TABLE statements. View CVE Details Affected Products ABB B&R Automation Studio Vendor: ABB Product Version: ABB B&R Automation Studio <6.5 Product Status: fixed, known_affected Remediations Vendor fix The problem is corrected in the following product versions: B&R Automation Studio 6.5 B&R recommends that customers apply the update at earliest convenience. The process to install updates is described in the user manual. The step to identify the installed product version is described in the user manual. Mitigation Refer to section “General security recommendations” for advice on how to keep your system secure. Relevant CWE: CWE-674 Uncontrolled Recursion Metrics CVSS Version Base Score Base Severity Vector String 3.1 5.5 MEDIUM CVSS:3.1/AV:L/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H/E:P/RL:O/RC:C CVE-2019-8457 SQLite3 from 3.6.0 to and including 3.27.2 is vulnerable to heap out-of-bound read in the rtreenode() function when handling invalid rtree tables. View CVE Details Affected Products ABB B&R Automation Studio Vendor: ABB Product Version: ABB B&R Automation Studio <6.5 Product Status: fixed, known_affected Remediations Vendor fix The problem is corrected in the following product versions: B&R Automation Studio 6.5 B&R recommends that customers apply the update at earliest convenience. The process to install updates is described in the user manual. The step to identify the installed product version is described in the user manual. Mitigation Refer to section “General security recommendations” for advice on how to keep your system secure. Relevant CWE: CWE-125 Out-of-bounds Read Metrics CVSS Version Base Score Base Severity Vector String 3.1 9.8 CRITICAL CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H/E:P/RL:O/RC:C CVE-2018-20506 SQLite before 3.25.3, when the FTS3 extension is enabled, encounters an integer overflow (and resultant buffer overflow) for FTS3 queries in a "merge" operation that occurs after crafted changes to FTS3 shadow tables, allow-ing remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by leveraging the ability to run arbitrary SQL statements (such as in certain WebSQL use cases). This is a different vulnerability than CVE-2018-20346. View CVE Details Affected Products ABB B&R Automation Studio Vendor: ABB Product Version: ABB B&R Automation Studio <6.5 Product Status: fixed, known_affected Remediations Vendor fix The problem is corrected in the following product versions: B&R Automation Studio 6.5 B&R recommends that customers apply the update at earliest convenience. The process to install updates is described in the user manual. The step to identify the installed product version is described in the user manual. Mitigation Refer to section “General security recommendations” for advice on how to keep your system secure. Relevant CWE: CWE-190 Integer Overflow or Wraparound Metrics CVSS Version Base Score Base Severity Vector String 3.0 8.1 HIGH CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:H/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H/E:P/RL:O/RC:C CVE-2018-20505 SQLite 3.25.2, when queries are run on a table with a malformed PRIMARY KEY, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) by leveraging the ability to run arbitrary SQL statements (such as in certain WebSQL use cases). View CVE Details Affected Products ABB B&R Automation Studio Vendor: ABB Product Version: ABB B&R Automation Studio <6.5 Product Status: fixed, known_affected Remediations Vendor fix The problem is corrected in the following product versions: B&R Automation Studio 6.5 B&R recommends that customers apply the update at earliest convenience. The process to install updates is described in the user manual. The step to identify the installed product version is described in the user manual. Mitigation Refer to section “General security recommendations” for advice on how to keep your system secure. Relevant CWE: CWE-20 Improper Input Validation Metrics CVSS Version Base Score Base Severity Vector String 3.0 7.5 HIGH CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H/E:P/RL:O/RC:C CVE-2018-20346 SQLite before 3.25.3, when the FTS3 extension is enabled, encounters an integer overflow (and resultant buffer overflow) for FTS3 queries that occur after crafted changes to FTS3 shadow tables, allowing remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by leveraging the ability to run arbitrary SQL statements (such as in certain WebSQL use cases), aka Magellan. View CVE Details Affected Products ABB B&R Automation Studio Vendor: ABB Product Version: ABB B&R Automation Studio <6.5 Product Status: fixed, known_affected Remediations Vendor fix The problem is corrected in the following product versions: B&R Automation Studio 6.5 B&R recommends that customers apply the update at earliest convenience. The process to install updates is described in the user manual. The step to identify the installed product version is described in the user manual. Mitigation Refer to section “General security recommendations” for advice on how to keep your system secure. Relevant CWE: CWE-190 Integer Overflow or Wraparound Metrics CVSS Version Base Score Base Severity Vector String 3.0 8.1 HIGH CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:H/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H/E:P/RL:O/RC:C CVE-2018-8740 In SQLite through 3.22.0, databases whose schema is corrupted using a CREATE TABLE AS statement could cause a NULL pointer dereference, related to build.c and prepare.c. View CVE Details Affected Products ABB B&R Automation Studio Vendor: ABB Product Version: ABB B&R Automation Studio <6.5 Product Status: fixed, known_affected Remediations Vendor fix The problem is corrected in the following product versions: B&R Automation Studio 6.5 B&R recommends that customers apply the update at earliest convenience. The process to install updates is described in the user manual. The step to identify the installed product version is described in the user manual. Mitigation Refer to section “General security recommendations” for advice on how to keep your system secure. Relevant CWE: CWE-476 NULL Pointer Dereference Metrics CVSS Version Base Score Base Severity Vector String 3.0 7.5 HIGH CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H/E:P/RL:O/RC:C CVE-2017-10989 The getNodeSize function in ext/rtree/rtree.c in SQLite through 3.19.3, as used in GDAL and other products, mis-handles undersized RTree blobs in a crafted database, leading to a heap-based buffer over-read or possibly un-specified other impact. View CVE Details Affected Products ABB B&R Automation Studio Vendor: ABB Product Version: ABB B&R Automation Studio <6.5 Product Status: fixed, known_affected Remediations Vendor fix The problem is corrected in the following product versions: B&R Automation Studio 6.5 B&R recommends that customers apply the update at earliest convenience. The process to install updates is described in the user manual. The step to identify the installed product version is described in the user manual. Mitigation Refer to section “General security recommendations” for advice on how to keep your system secure. Relevant CWE: CWE-125 Out-of-bounds Read Metrics CVSS Version Base Score Base Severity Vector String 3.0 9.8 CRITICAL CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H/E:P/RL:O/RC:C CVE-2016-6153 There exists a vulnerability in SQLite versions before 3.50.2 where the number of aggregate terms could exceed the number of columns available. This could lead to a memory corruption issue. View CVE Details Affected Products ABB B&R Automation Studio Vendor: ABB Product Version: ABB B&R Automation Studio <6.5 Product Status: fixed, known_affected Remediations Vendor fix The problem is corrected in the following product versions: B&R Automation Studio 6.5 B&R recommends that customers apply the update at earliest convenience. The process to install updates is described in the user manual. The step to identify the installed product version is described in the user manual. Mitigation Refer to section “General security recommendations” for advice on how to keep your system secure. Relevant CWE: CWE-20 Improper Input Validation Metrics CVSS Version Base Score Base Severity Vector String 3.0 5.9 MEDIUM CVSS:3.0/AV:L/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:L/I:L/A:L/E:P/RL:O/RC:C CVE-2015-6607 SQLite before 3.8.9, as used in Android before 5.1.1 LMY48T, allows attackers to gain privileges via a crafted application, aka internal bug 20099586. View CVE Details Affected Products ABB B&R Automation Studio Vendor: ABB Product Version: ABB B&R Automation Studio <6.5 Product Status: fixed, known_affected Remediations Vendor fix The problem is corrected in the following product versions: B&R Automation Studio 6.5 B&R recommends that customers apply the update at earliest convenience. The process to install updates is described in the user manual. The step to identify the installed product version is described in the user manual. Mitigation Refer to section “General security recommendations” for advice on how to keep your system secure. Relevant CWE: CWE-286 Incorrect User Management Metrics CVSS Version Base Score Base Severity Vector String 3.0 3.7 LOW CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:H/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:L/I:N/A:N/E:P/RL:O/RC:C CVE-2015-5895 Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in SQLite before 3.8.10.2, as used in Apple iOS before 9, have unknown im-pact and attack vectors. View CVE Details Affected Products ABB B&R Automation Studio Vendor: ABB Product Version: ABB B&R Automation Studio <6.5 Product Status: fixed, known_affected Remediations Vendor fix The problem is corrected in the following product versions: B&R Automation Studio 6.5 B&R recommends that customers apply the update at earliest convenience. The process to install updates is described in the user manual. The step to identify the installed product version is described in the user manual. Mitigation Refer to section “General security recommendations” for advice on how to keep your system secure. Relevant CWE: CWE-200 Exposure of Sensitive Information to an Unauthorized Actor Metrics CVSS Version Base Score Base Severity Vector String 3.1 9.8 CRITICAL CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H/E:P/RL:O/RC:C CVE-2015-3717 Multiple buffer overflows in the printf functionality in SQLite, as used in Apple iOS before 8.4 and OS X before 10.10.4, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or cause a denial of service (application crash) via un-specified vectors. View CVE Details Affected Products ABB B&R Automation Studio Vendor: ABB Product Version: ABB B&R Automation Studio <6.5 Product Status: fixed, known_affected Remediations Vendor fix The problem is corrected in the following product versions: B&R Automation Studio 6.5 B&R recommends that customers apply the update at earliest convenience. The process to install updates is described in the user manual. The step to identify the installed product version is described in the user manual. Mitigation Refer to section “General security recommendations” for advice on how to keep your system secure. Relevant CWE: CWE-120 Buffer Copy without Checking Size of Input ('Classic Buffer Overflow') Metrics CVSS Version Base Score Base Severity Vector String 3.0 7.5 HIGH CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H/E:P/RL:O/RC:C CVE-2015-3416 The sqlite3VXPrintf function in printf.c in SQLite before 3.8.9 does not properly handle precision and width values during floating-point conversions, which allows context-dependent attackers to cause a denial of service (integer overflow and stack-based buffer overflow) or possibly have unspecified other impact via large integers in a crafted printf function call in a SELECT statement. View CVE Details Affected Products ABB B&R Automation Studio Vendor: ABB Product Version: ABB B&R Automation Studio <6.5 Product Status: fixed, known_affected Remediations Vendor fix The problem is corrected in the following product versions: B&R Automation Studio 6.5 B&R recommends that customers apply the update at earliest convenience. The process to install updates is described in the user manual. The step to identify the installed product version is described in the user manual. Mitigation Refer to section “General security recommendations” for advice on how to keep your system secure. Relevant CWE: CWE-190 Integer Overflow or Wraparound Metrics CVSS Version Base Score Base Severity Vector String 3.0 7.8 HIGH CVSS:3.0/AV:L/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H/E:P/RL:O/RC:C Acknowledgments ABB PSIRT reported these vulnerabilities to CISA. Notice The information in this document is subject to change without notice, and should not be construed as a commitment by B&R. B&R provides no warranty, express or implied, including warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, for the information contained in this document, and assumes no responsibility for any errors that may appear in this document. In no event shall B&R or any of its suppliers be liable for direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages of any nature or kind arising from the use of this document, or from the use of any hardware or software described in this document, even if B&R or its suppliers have been advised of the possibility of such damages. This document and parts hereof must not be reproduced or copied without written permission from B&R, and the contents hereof must not be imparted to a third party nor used for any unauthorized purpose. All rights to registrations and trademarks reside with their respective owners. Legal Notice and Terms of Use This product is provided subject to this Notification (https://www.cisa.gov/notification) and this Privacy & Use policy (https://www.cisa.gov/privacy-policy). Recommended Practices CISA recommends users take defensive measures to minimize the exploitation risk of this vulnerability. Minimize network exposure for all control system devices and/or systems, and ensure they are not accessible from the internet. Locate control system networks and remote devices behind firewalls and isolate them from business networks. When remote access is required, use more secure methods, such as Virtual Private Networks (VPNs), recognizing VPNs may have vulnerabilities and should be updated to the most recent version available. Also recognize VPN is only as secure as its connected devices. CISA reminds organizations to perform proper impact analysis and risk assessment prior to deploying defensive measures. CISA also provides a section for control systems security recommended practices on the ICS webpage on cisa.gov. Several CISA products detailing cyber defense best practices are available for reading and download, including Improving Industrial Control Systems Cybersecurity with Defense-in-Depth Strategies. CISA encourages organizations to implement recommended cybersecurity strategies for proactive defense of ICS assets. Additional mitigation guidance and recommended practices are publicly available on the ICS webpage at cisa.gov in the technical information paper, ICS-TIP-12-146-01B--Targeted Cyber Intrusion Detection and Mitigation Strategies. Organizations observing suspected malicious activity should follow established internal procedures and report findings to CISA for tracking and correlation against other incidents. Advisory Conversion Disclaimer This ICSA is a verbatim republication of ABB PSIRT SA25P007 from a direct conversion of the vendor's Common Security Advisory Framework (CSAF) advisory. This is republished to CISA's website as a means of increasing visibility and is provided "as-is" for informational purposes only. CISA is not responsible for the editorial or technical accuracy of republished advisories and provides no warranties of any kind regarding any information contained within this advisory. Further, CISA does not endorse any commercial product or service. Please contact ABB PSIRT directly for any questions regarding this advisory. Revision History Initial Release Date: 2026-02-18 Date Revision Summary 2026-02-18 1 Initial version. 2026-05-21 2 Initial CISA Republication of ABB PSIRT SA25P007 advisory Legal Notice and Terms of Use Advisory Type ICS Advisory Topics Industrial Control System Vulnerabilities , Industrial Control Systems Alert Code ICSA-26-141-03 Sector Energy Sector Vendor ABB Show 'Key Takeaways' block Off On
